.\" recurly.1 - man page for the Recurly CLI
.TH RECURLY 1 "2026-04-03" "recurly" "Recurly CLI Manual"
.SH NAME
recurly \- manage Recurly billing resources from the command line
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B recurly
.RI [ command ]
.RI [ subcommand ]
.RI [ flags ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B recurly
is a command-line interface for the Recurly billing platform. It provides
access to accounts, subscriptions, plans, invoices, items, coupons, and
transactions through the Recurly v3 API.
.PP
Before using most commands, configure authentication with
.BR "recurly configure" .
.SH GLOBAL FLAGS
These flags apply to all commands:
.TP
.BI \-\-api\-key " string"
Recurly API key. Overrides config file and
.B RECURLY_API_KEY
environment variable.
.TP
.BI \-\-region " string"
Recurly region:
.B us
(default) or
.BR eu .
.TP
.BI \-\-output " string"
Output format:
.BR table " (default),"
.BR json ", or"
.BR json\-pretty .
.TP
.BI \-f ", " \-\-field " string"
Comma-separated list of fields to display in output.
.TP
.BI \-\-jq " string"
Filter JSON output with a jq expression (built-in, no external
.BR jq (1)
required).
.SH COMMANDS
.SS Configuration
.TP
.B recurly configure
Interactive setup wizard. Prompts for API key, region, and site subdomain.
Saves to
.IR ~/.config/recurly/config.toml .
.SS Accounts
.TP
.B recurly accounts list
List accounts. Supports filtering by
.BR \-\-email ,
.BR \-\-subscriber ,
and
.BR \-\-past\-due .
.TP
.BI "recurly accounts get " account_id
Show account details.
.TP
.B recurly accounts create
Create an account with flags such as
.BR \-\-code ,
.BR \-\-email ,
.BR \-\-first\-name ,
.BR \-\-last\-name ,
.BR \-\-company .
.TP
.BI "recurly accounts update " account_id
Update an account.
.TP
.BI "recurly accounts deactivate " account_id
Deactivate an account. Requires confirmation or
.BR \-\-yes .
.TP
.BI "recurly accounts reactivate " account_id
Reactivate a deactivated account.
.TP
.BI "recurly accounts billing\-info get " account_id
Get billing info for an account.
.TP
.BI "recurly accounts billing\-info update " account_id
Update billing info (address, payment token, etc.).
.TP
.BI "recurly accounts billing\-info remove " account_id
Remove billing info from an account.
.TP
.BI "recurly accounts subscriptions list " account_id
List subscriptions for an account.
.TP
.BI "recurly accounts invoices list " account_id
List invoices for an account.
.TP
.BI "recurly accounts transactions list " account_id
List transactions for an account.
.TP
.BI "recurly accounts redemptions list " account_id
List coupon redemptions for an account.
.TP
.BI "recurly accounts redemptions list\-active " account_id
List active coupon redemptions.
.TP
.BI "recurly accounts redemptions create " account_id
Create a coupon redemption with
.B \-\-coupon\-id
and optional
.BR \-\-currency .
.TP
.BI "recurly accounts redemptions remove " redemption_id
Remove a coupon redemption.
.SS Subscriptions
.TP
.B recurly subscriptions list
List subscriptions. Filter by
.BR \-\-state ,
.BR \-\-plan\-id ,
and time ranges.
.TP
.BI "recurly subscriptions get " subscription_id
Show subscription details.
.TP
.B recurly subscriptions create
Create a subscription. Key flags:
.BR \-\-plan\-code ,
.BR \-\-account\-code ,
.BR \-\-currency .
.TP
.BI "recurly subscriptions update " subscription_id
Update a subscription.
.TP
.BI "recurly subscriptions cancel " subscription_id
Cancel a subscription. Use
.B \-\-timeframe
to set
.B bill_date
or
.BR term_end .
.TP
.BI "recurly subscriptions reactivate " subscription_id
Reactivate a canceled subscription.
.TP
.BI "recurly subscriptions pause " subscription_id
Pause a subscription with
.BR \-\-remaining\-pause\-cycles .
.TP
.BI "recurly subscriptions resume " subscription_id
Resume a paused subscription.
.TP
.BI "recurly subscriptions terminate " subscription_id
Terminate a subscription immediately. Use
.B \-\-refund
.RB ( full ", " partial ", " none )
and
.B \-\-charge
to invoice unbilled usage.
.TP
.BI "recurly subscriptions convert\-trial " subscription_id
Convert a trial subscription to paid.
.SS Plans
.TP
.B recurly plans list
List plans. Filter by
.BR \-\-state .
.TP
.BI "recurly plans get " plan_id
Show plan details.
.TP
.B recurly plans create
Create a plan with
.BR \-\-code ,
.BR \-\-name ,
.BR \-\-currency ,
.BR \-\-unit\-amount ,
.BR \-\-interval\-unit ,
.BR \-\-interval\-length ,
and many more options.
.TP
.BI "recurly plans update " plan_id
Update a plan.
.TP
.BI "recurly plans deactivate " plan_id
Deactivate a plan.
.TP
.BI "recurly plans add\-ons list " plan_id
List add-ons for a plan.
.TP
.BI "recurly plans add\-ons get " plan_id " " add_on_id
Get add-on details.
.TP
.BI "recurly plans add\-ons create " plan_id
Create a plan add-on.
.TP
.BI "recurly plans add\-ons update " plan_id " " add_on_id
Update a plan add-on.
.TP
.BI "recurly plans add\-ons delete " plan_id " " add_on_id
Delete a plan add-on.
.SS Items
.TP
.B recurly items list
List items. Filter by
.BR \-\-state .
.TP
.BI "recurly items get " item_id
Show item details.
.TP
.B recurly items create
Create an item with
.BR \-\-code ,
.BR \-\-name ,
.BR \-\-currency ,
.BR \-\-unit\-amount .
.TP
.BI "recurly items update " item_id
Update an item.
.TP
.BI "recurly items deactivate " item_id
Deactivate an item.
.TP
.BI "recurly items reactivate " item_id
Reactivate an item.
.SS Coupons
.TP
.B recurly coupons list
List coupons.
.TP
.BI "recurly coupons get " coupon_id
Show coupon details.
.TP
.B recurly coupons create\-percent
Create a percentage discount coupon with
.BR \-\-discount\-percent .
.TP
.B recurly coupons create\-fixed
Create a fixed amount coupon with
.B \-\-currency
and
.BR \-\-discount\-amount .
.TP
.B recurly coupons create\-free\-trial
Create a free trial coupon with
.B \-\-free\-trial\-amount
and
.BR \-\-free\-trial\-unit .
.TP
.BI "recurly coupons update " coupon_id
Update a coupon.
.TP
.BI "recurly coupons deactivate " coupon_id
Deactivate a coupon.
.TP
.BI "recurly coupons restore " coupon_id
Restore a deactivated coupon.
.TP
.BI "recurly coupons generate\-codes " coupon_id
Generate unique coupon codes with
.BR \-\-number\-of\-codes .
.TP
.BI "recurly coupons list\-codes " coupon_id
List codes for a bulk coupon.
.SS Invoices
.TP
.B recurly invoices list
List invoices. Filter by
.BR \-\-state " and"
.BR \-\-type .
.TP
.BI "recurly invoices get " invoice_id
Show invoice details. Use
.B \-\-line\-items
to include line items.
.TP
.BI "recurly invoices line\-items " invoice_id
List line items on an invoice.
.TP
.BI "recurly invoices collect " invoice_id
Collect payment on an open invoice.
.TP
.BI "recurly invoices void " invoice_id
Void an invoice.
.TP
.BI "recurly invoices mark\-failed " invoice_id
Mark an invoice as failed collection.
.SS Transactions
.TP
.B recurly transactions list
List transactions. Filter by
.B \-\-type
and
.BR \-\-success .
.TP
.BI "recurly transactions get " transaction_id
Show transaction details.
.SS Dashboard
.TP
.B recurly open \fR[\fIresource\fR] [\fIidentifier\fR]
Open a Recurly resource in the web dashboard. Valid resources:
.BR accounts ,
.BR plans ,
.BR subscriptions ,
.BR invoices ,
.BR transactions ,
.BR items ,
.BR coupons .
Use
.B \-\-url
to print the URL instead of opening a browser.
.SS Shell Completion
.TP
.B recurly completion bash
Generate Bash completion script.
.TP
.B recurly completion zsh
Generate Zsh completion script.
.SS Skill
.TP
.B recurly skill
Print the embedded AI skill reference document.
.TP
.B recurly skill install
Install the skill to the Claude Code skills directory.
.TP
.B recurly skill uninstall
Remove the installed skill.
.SH COMMON FLAGS
Many commands share the following flags:
.SS List Commands
.TP
.BI \-\-limit " int"
Maximum number of results to return (default 20).
.TP
.B \-\-all
Fetch all pages of results.
.TP
.BI \-\-order " string"
Sort order:
.B asc
or
.BR desc .
.TP
.BI \-\-sort " string"
Sort field (e.g.,
.BR created_at ,
.BR updated_at ).
.TP
.BI \-\-begin\-time " string"
Filter results after this time (ISO 8601).
.TP
.BI \-\-end\-time " string"
Filter results before this time (ISO 8601).
.SS Get Commands
.TP
.BI \-\-watch " duration"
Poll for updates on an interval (e.g.,
.BR 5s ,
.BR 1m ).
.SS Destructive Commands
.TP
.B \-\-yes
Skip interactive confirmation prompt.
.SS Create/Update Commands
.TP
.BI \-\-from\-file " path"
Load request body from a JSON or YAML file.
.TP
.B \-\-no\-input
Skip interactive prompts when fields are missing.
.SH CONFIGURATION
Configuration is stored in
.IR ~/.config/recurly/config.toml .
Run
.B recurly configure
to set it up interactively.
.PP
Example config file:
.PP
.RS
.nf
api_key = "your-api-key"
region = "us"
site = "your-site-subdomain"
.fi
.RE
.PP
Configuration precedence (highest to lowest):
.IP 1. 4
Command-line flags
.IP 2. 4
Environment variables
.IP 3. 4
Config file
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B RECURLY_API_KEY
Recurly API key.
.TP
.B RECURLY_REGION
Recurly region
.RB ( us " or " eu ).
.TP
.B RECURLY_SITE
Recurly site subdomain.
.SH EXAMPLES
Configure the CLI:
.PP
.RS
.nf
$ recurly configure
.fi
.RE
.PP
List the first 50 accounts as JSON:
.PP
.RS
.nf
$ recurly accounts list \-\-limit 50 \-\-output json
.fi
.RE
.PP
Get an account showing only email and state:
.PP
.RS
.nf
$ recurly accounts get acct123 \-f email,state
.fi
.RE
.PP
Create an account from a JSON file:
.PP
.RS
.nf
$ recurly accounts create \-\-from\-file account.json
.fi
.RE
.PP
List active subscriptions sorted by creation date:
.PP
.RS
.nf
$ recurly subscriptions list \-\-state active \-\-sort created_at \-\-order desc
.fi
.RE
.PP
Cancel a subscription at term end:
.PP
.RS
.nf
$ recurly subscriptions cancel sub123 \-\-timeframe term_end \-\-yes
.fi
.RE
.PP
Use jq to extract account codes from a list:
.PP
.RS
.nf
$ recurly accounts list \-\-jq '.[].code'
.fi
.RE
.PP
Watch a subscription for changes every 10 seconds:
.PP
.RS
.nf
$ recurly subscriptions get sub123 \-\-watch 10s
.fi
.RE
.PP
Open an account in the Recurly dashboard:
.PP
.RS
.nf
$ recurly open accounts acct123
.fi
.RE
.PP
Generate Zsh completions:
.PP
.RS
.nf
$ recurly completion zsh > "${fpath[1]}/_recurly"
.fi
.RE
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success.
.TP
.B 1
General error (API error, invalid input, network failure).
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.config/recurly/config.toml
CLI configuration file.
.SH NOTES
This is an unofficial, community-maintained CLI client and is not supported by
or affiliated with Recurly, Inc.
.PP
Report bugs and feature requests at
.UR https://github.com/built-fast/recurly-cli/issues
GitHub
.UE .
.SH SEE ALSO
.UR https://developers.recurly.com/api/v2021-02-25
Recurly API v3 Documentation
.UE
.SH AUTHORS
BuiltFast.com
